API Keys - Indicate to users that a master key must be set at Meilisearch launch to use that feature (#177)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0061-error-format-and-definitions.md

---

## missing_master_key

`Synchronous`

### Context

For some specific protected routes (i.e. `/keys`) the master key must be defined before accessing it. This error indicates to the user that he must first define a master key when launching Meilisearch.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `401 Forbidden`

```json
{

>     "message": "Meilisearch is running without a master key. To access this API endpoint, you must have set a master key at launch.",

Reviewer: Feel free to update the `message` field @curquiza 😇

Author: Ok for me!

---

## missing_master_key

`Synchronous`

### Context

For some specific protected routes (i.e. `/keys`) where the master key is mandatory to access it, if the users do not pass any `Authorization` header, this error occurs instead of `missing_authorization_header`.

> If an `Authorization` is passed but with the wrong master key value, `invalid_api_key` is still returned.

Reviewer: Not sure it needs to be precised.

### Error Definition

HTTP Code: `401 Forbidden`

```json
{

>     "message": "The master key is needed to access this route.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "message": "Melisearch is running without a master key. To access this API endpoint, you must have set a master key at launch.",
```

This is a suggestion; feel free to make it clearer. We could also use the link to the doc in the message https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/master_api_keys.html#protecting-a-meilisearch-instance.
